Add note about @meta placement while splicing docstrings (#922)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/doctests.md

    and no state is shared between any code blocks.
    To preserve definitions see [Preserving Definitions Between Blocks](@ref).

!!! note

>     If you are using the `@docs` or `@autodocs` macros to splice docstrings into your document, the `@meta` block must be in the markdown file that calls these macros and not within the docstrings themselves or they will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you rely on setup-code for doctests inside docstrings, included in the document with `@docs` or `@autodocs`, the `@meta` block must be in the markdown file that calls these macros and not within the docstrings themselves, otherwise they will be ignored.
```
